Você é um(a) jovem nobre. No dia do seu casamento, seu noivo(a) foi envenenado. \nVocê jura vingar a morte dele(a).


1.  "Você descobriu quem era o assassino? [S/N] 
2.  "Você conseguiu que o assassino confessasse seus motivos? [S/N] 
3.  "Você entregou o assassino às autoridades? [S/N] 
4.  "Você interviu para que alterassem a pena de morte para prisão perpétua? [S/N] 
5.  "Você foi escolhida pelo povo para liderá-los, por sua compaixão e senso de justiça? [S/N] 

BACKGROUND

Today is the happiest day of your life. Or it ought to be. You've just sworn your vows to the love of your life. 
You're sitting on a corner watching the guests drink and dance and laugh. You catch a glimpse of your beloved. 
But instead of joy in their eyes, you see pain. You dart toward them, but it's too late.
When you are finally able to reach them across the room, through a wave of alarmed guests, you find their lifeless body lying on the floor.

------------------------------

At that very moment, it feels like the ground has been pulled from under you. 
Everyhting goes silent, and the world is moving both too fast and too slow. You have a decision to make.
Will you give in to grief, or will you set out to find who did this, and why?

[1] I will lie down next to the one I love and mourn them. 
[2] (+1 courage) I will find the one who did this, and avenge their death. 

Choose your answer! [1 / 2]

[1] You drop down to the floor and cry. You don't know how much time has passed, but you look out and see it's morning. 
You are alone. Through the window, you see your brother running towards the house, and waving wildly at you.
At first, you can't quite make out whats he's saying. But as he gets closer, you understand. He's frantically announcing: "They found the murderer!"

[2] You compose yourself at once and shouts at the guards to bar the doors. No one leaves until you find the one who did this.
Out of the corner of your eye, you see a server drop something, and cautiously start heading to the kitchens.
Your brother, who's standing by your side sees the same thing. He seizes the suspect and you inspect the vial that's been dropped.
You take a whiff and get a hint of almonds. Cyanide. 

------------------------------

They bring the accused forward. It's just on of the servants from the kitchens. You stand there for a minute, puzzled.
What motive could they possibly have? Your bethrothed was loved by all, nobles and commonfolk alike. So why would someone do this?
You interrogate the server, but they are not saying anything. Will youer persuasion techniques be enough to convince them to talk?

(Roll the dice for results)

If you decided to find the murderer as your previous choice, you will have a +1 bonus to your roll.
If you roll 1, 2, or 3, you will not be able to persuade the servant into explosing their motives.
If you roll 4, 5, or 6, you will discover the reason behind your spouse's murder.

[1,2,3] You try your best, but they are unyielding. You might never know why this tragedy was brought upon you.

[4,5,6] (+1 persuasion) After hours of interrogation, despair fills you, as you realize you might never know why this tragedy was brought upon you.
In a frail last attempt to uncover the truth, you drop down to your knees and begs them to please tell you why, why they had to take away what is most precisous to you.
Moved by this unexpected display of emotion, they confess. It was love and jealousy, the masterminds of this crime.
You were the object of their passion for many years, and when you found love yourself, they couldn't bear the thought of seeing you with another.

------------------------------

